c:\Users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\BusinessLogic.dll.config
c:\Users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\BusinessLogic.dll
c:\Users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\BusinessLogic.pdb
c:\Users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\Users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\Users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\obj\Debug\BusinessLogic.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\obj\Debug\BusinessLogic.dll
c:\Users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\obj\Debug\BusinessLogic.pdb
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Model.dll
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
C:\Users\Silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.dll
C:\Users\Silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\BusinessLogic\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.xml
