c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\RMS.exe.config
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\RMS.exe
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\RMS.pdb
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\TelerikCommon.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.xml
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.xml
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\obj\x86\Debug\RMS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\obj\x86\Debug\RMS.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\obj\x86\Debug\RMS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\obj\x86\Debug\RMS.exe
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\obj\x86\Debug\RMS.pdb
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\BusinessLogic.dll
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\Model.dll
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\BusinessLogic.pdb
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\obj\x86\Debug\RMS.View.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.dll
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.xml
C:\Users\Silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\obj\x86\Debug\RMS.View.RadRibbonForm1.resources
C:\Users\Silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\obj\x86\Debug\RMS.exe.licenses
C:\Users\Silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.dll
C:\Users\Silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.xml
C:\Users\Silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\obj\x86\Debug\RMS.View.WaitingForm.resources
C:\Users\Silveredge\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\obj\x86\Debug\RMS.View.AuthForm.resources
C:\Users\Silveredge\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RMS\RMS\obj\x86\Debug\RMS.View.Admin.MainForm.resources
